So just a quickie really to show you what we're aiming towards in this project now because I haven't
finished the section I can't show you how it's going to look at the end of the section but I can show
you the beginnings of my prototype which are going to involve clicking to move.
So we're gonna click up move within range and start attacking with this ridiculous over the top kind
of left arm hook and we're doing that with a spaced repetition interval and I can cancel it anytime
by clicking over anywhere else in the world.
So only when I click on a target does it move within range to attack.
And if any point I click away even when I'm running towards it I will cancel my attack like the chicken
that I am but there is going to be more to it than this.
We are going to be doing click to attack against a video in the animations and we are repeating the
animations you saw there it was doing with a bit of delay.
We gonna be doing all of that.
We're gonna be dealing with damage dealing and death as well of the capsules that the capsule will probably
just disappear by the end of this.
But don't worry we will make this into a system later down the line that works both ways so the capsule
will be an enemy that can attack us back.
That will be the subject of the next section but in this section we're going to get just this whacking
stuff and doing damage to work.